Added overview of C# relational (comparison) operators (#11999)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/relational-operators.md

---

> title: "Relational operators - C# Reference"

Reviewer: I think "comparison operators" is the best choice, but we'll measure once it's live.  Here's what I found:

- Google search traffic indicates "comparison operator" is more popular than "relational operator". That implies that "comparison operator" would be better.
- In the docs repo, we've used both "relational operators" and "comparison operators" almost the same number of times.

> title: "Relational operators - C# Reference"

Author: @BillWagner thanks for research; let's start with a better version: I'll rename the file to *comparison-operators.md* and push the update.

[!code-csharp-interactive[less than example](~/samples/snippets/csharp/language-reference/operators/GreaterAndLessOperatorsExamples.cs#Less)]

## Greater than operator >

The `>` operator returns `true` if its first operand is greater than its second operand, `false` otherwise:

[!code-csharp-interactive[greater than example](~/samples/snippets/csharp/language-reference/operators/GreaterAndLessOperatorsExamples.cs#Greater)]

## Less than or equal operator \<=

The `<=` operator returns `true` if its first operand is less than or equal to its second operand, `false` otherwise:

[!code-csharp-interactive[less than or equal example](~/samples/snippets/csharp/language-reference/operators/GreaterAndLessOperatorsExamples.cs#LessOrEqual)]

## Greater than or equal operator >=

The `>=` operator returns `true` if its first operand is greater than or equal to its second operand, `false` otherwise:

[!code-csharp-interactive[greater than or equal example](~/samples/snippets/csharp/language-reference/operators/GreaterAndLessOperatorsExamples.cs#GreaterOrEqual)]

## Operator overloadability

A user-defined type can [overload](../keywords/operator.md) the `<`, `>`, `<=`, and `>=` operators.

> If a type overloads one of the `<` or `>` operators, it must also overload another one. If a type overloads one of the `<=` or `>=` operators, it must also overload another one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a type overloads one of the `<` or `>` operators, it must also overload both `<` and `>`. If a type overloads one of the `<=` or `>=` operators, it must also overload both `<=` and `>=`.
```

I think that's a bit more clear.

Author: @BillWagner thanks; I didn't apply the suggestion, but addressed the feedback almost word in word.
